GLS edit of agile-overview completed (#103)
rht-labs/tech-exercise: docs/slides/content/agile-overview.md

### Exercise - Pocket-sized Principles
Working in teams

> 1. On a piece of paper make room for 12 boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On a piece of paper draw 12 boxes.
```

> <!--TechEdit: this instruction seems odd, "make room for" on a piece of paper isn't something one can actually do. Give the action directly. "On a piece of paper, draw 12 boxes." -->

Reviewer: sure, we can go with your suggestion :) 
I'll merge it after your update then ☘️

> <!--TechEdit: this instruction seems odd, "make room for" on a piece of paper isn't something one can actually do. Give the action directly. "On a piece of paper, draw 12 boxes." -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
